hello what's up kids are with a
video of the encounters that a pair makes
of days the thing that there is a fallito
on
when they are going to fight the issue
is very pixilated and stays after
the shower and it's a pain in the ass so I'm going to
teach how
how to solve this problem
good
we are here to leave
who goes to shower you see this frozen area
and not
the failure is supposed to be that we were
here we come out of the bathroom shower of what
to be
really going to continue that all the time
It is quite annoying
and there is a very simple way of
fix it so I'm going to show it
Now the first thing we have to do
is to get out of the game
come as I have seen leave without saving but
it's just for when I do the
Solution to be able to enter again to load
the same game and see that everything works
perfectly it is very easy we are not in
the folder of the 54 we go to the folder
of game we find it in bing and in this
same folder in the launcher
we have to copy the name so we
We give edit name and we give to
copy then we go to this file
which is that 4 point pair
we give the right button change name and
we give him to paste he will put himself
name that the launcher does not
and we give / you already changed so
right now and just with this
change the pixel error is removed
totally and now I'm going to teach it from
new
well and here we are as you can see the
pixelated and depends a lot on each
departure but it is usually bigger or more
little
what
the pixel disappears and you can already make your
normal life without
without the pixel bothering
Well, you know if it worked for them and it has
liked the video
give a like to subscribe
goodbye